throughout history suspicion has always
bred conflict the real conflict though
resides in people's hearts
Oh No what was that an analysis of Jean
stomach reveals a major lesion on the
caloric region of the gastric membrane
John Madden uncertain yes in addition i
read a substantial quantity of partially
digested organic compounds amino acid
structure of the proteins and just the
meat is edible before follow me yes
I appreciate your feelings but I was
always ready for the worst with my
father Katrina debts well I'm a junkers
daughter it's the emergency line from HQ
connector Gillian I'm glad I got you I
got a call from Katrina she seemed
really scared kept saying that Alice was
barking you read mention it's Alice the
dog is dead
yeah lucky I was here to save your skin
who are you me random Haji bounty hunter
random huh chill so who is this guy
friend or foe just where do you think
you're going to those who seems to be
controlled Julian you gotta jump over to
my bike I can't my timings off
this apparently leads down to a lower
level it looks like Jamie was right yeah
I greed for human skeletons in this room
now performing simulated reconstruction
of the head and facial features of each
of the four victims commencing with
victim number one we just made for
Snatchers reconstruction of head of
final victim completed its snatchers
vampire like behavior is due to their
desire to avoid exposure to sunlight the
reason they dislike sunlight is because
of their defective artificial skin in
other words what we call simple sunburn
is fatal to them this severely limits
the places and times that they can
operate to mid winter when daylight
hours are their shortest and of course
at night and this is where the
artificial skin is attached this is the
stuff that gets cancer if they stay on
the Sun too long
that's far enough junker it's them
Snatchers
you two are finished but our plans move
forward we are on the verge of
developing a perfect artificial skin
just want it you have in mind I got a
big firework show anymore it's December
a little late for fireworks so it'll be
an offseason show
Mika no Gillian don't move it's a trap
Mika are you all right we'll find them
we know he's somewhere inside
headquarters the snatcher has been
wounded we should look for traces of
blood Harry oh I'll kill you is that you
I'm getting old we have comrades
operating throughout the city your
existence is meaningless as long as you
don't get your memory back comrades my
memory they will be deciding how to
handle me acabe at the summit in just
three hours there are rumors that
they're going to use nukes on the city
to make sure the snatchers are wiped out
how about dinner sometime dinner I
thought it'll be nice you know to kick
back relax it's Christmas after all we
can do it this time Gillian not some
fake couple like before but with love
and trust I know Jamie Gillian this is
definitely their nest we should destroy
everything metal how much time do we
have left the delegates worried about
the snatcher menace voted unanimously to
allow the use of nuclear weapons on the
city do they intend to kill everybody
you Eagle man do you think you can
snatch the entire population no matter
how hard you try you won't be able to
snatch the people's heart and soul
Gillian I remember everything so what
about us it's terrible what we've done
you